—
Rida En-nasry
ennasry.rida@gmail.com
— 


Yeah the first thing that comes to mind is the deadlock situation where each guest is waiting for other guests to put their cups 
first so they can place theirs at the winning place. One simple way to combat the scenario is by a timeout but still doing that 
would still result in a race and bad behaviour at the last second of the game. So given the nature of the game I suggest 
the following solution which is based on two principles 

1) prioritising  the thirstiest guests 
2) incentivizing good behaviour and punishing bad ones.

The game has a time limit of one hour. During this time. The guests must try to earn as many points. Or “H2O credits” as possible. 
At the end of the game. The guests with the most points get to place their cups first. These are the ways that guests can earn 
"H2O credits": 

 
* if you really really need it, you have a bigger chance of getting it, so we’ll start by first giving the thirstiest guest a higher
  chance of winning. If a guest can prove he’s the thirstiest  among other guests he’ll be rewarded 3 H2O credits to start with.
  (let’s call it Proof-of-thirst). But the question is how can a guest prove he’s thirsty? And he’s thirstier than others ? 
  We can't depend on self-report from guests as they may be dishonest, so I believe the best way to prove thirst is by relying 
  on objective measures and by delegating the physiology of the guest to report for him.  The guest who has the strongest
  physical signs of thirst, (dry mouth. Skin elasticity and heart rate.)  is the guest who gets to get the proof-of-thirst 
  H2O credits. 

* In order to encourage collaboration and discourage cheating we need to implement a system that rewards good behaviour and 
  discourages bad behaviour. For example if a guest some examples are:
    * If a guest shares his cup with another guest he gets to earn 2 H2O credits for the next game.
    * If a guest helps resolve a dispute between other guests he earns 1 water credit.
    * If a guest finds a new supply of water he earns 5 H2O credits.
    On the other hand if a guest tries to cheat or harm the system in any way he’ll be deducted H2O credits. 
    For example if a guest falsely tries to prove he’s thirsty with physical signs of dehydration to support his claim he’ll 
    be deducted two points. 


The game is a microcosm of the larger world we live in. It highlights the inherent selfishness and competitiveness in human nature 
but if we can prioritise needs and incentivize collaboration we can create a more harmonious society. 
“Proof-of-thirst” system serves as a way to objectively assess the level of need; the “water credit” system encourages good 
behaviour and punishes bad behaviour.